Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-attacksimulationinfo.md

---
title: "attackSimulationInfo resource type"
description: "Represents threat submission attack simulation information"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# attackSimulationInfo resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> If one email is attack simulation email, the email threat submission will contain attack simulation information.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
If one email is an attack simulation email, the email threat submission will contain attack simulation information.

```

> If one email is an attack simulation email, the email threat submission will contain attack simulation information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an email was an attack simulation email, the email threat submission would contain corresponding attack simulation information.
```

## Properties
| Property              | Type           | Description                          |
|:----------------------|:---------------|:-------------------------------------|

> | attackSimDateTime     | DateTimeOffset | The attack simulation date time.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attackSimDateTime     | DateTimeOffset | It is used to specify the date time of the attack simulation.   |
```

> | attackSimDurationTime | Duration       | The attack simulation duration time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attackSimDurationTime | Duration       | It is used to specify the duration (in time) for the attack simulation  |
```

> | attackSimId           | Guid           | The attack simulation activity id.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attackSimId           | Guid           |It is used to specify the activity id for the attack simulation. |
```

> | attackSimUserId       | String         | The attack simulation user id.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| attackSimUserId       | String         | It is used to specify the user id for the attack simulation.   |
```
